README.md, before:

# [Black Dashboard Angular]

Angular app built to display various Sisense embed options. 

Make sure any new branches or clones include License. 

## Table of Contents
* [Browser Support](#browser-support)
* [Resources](#resources)
* [Licensing](#licensing)

## Terminal Commands

1. Install NodeJs from [NodeJs Official Page](https://nodejs.org/en).
2. Open Terminal
3. Go to your file project
4. Run in terminal: ```npm install -g @angular/cli```
5. Then: ```npm install```
6. And: ```ng serve```
7. Navigate to: [http://localhost:4200/](http://localhost:4200/)

## Browser Support

At present, we officially aim to support the last two versions of the following browsers:

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/chrome.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/firefox.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/edge.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/safari.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/opera.png" width="64" height="64">

## Resources
- Demo: https://demos.creative-tim.com/black-dashboard-angular/#/dashboard?ref=bda-readme
- Download Page: https://www.creative-tim.com/product/black-dashboard-angular?ref=bda-readme
- Documentation: https://demos.creative-tim.com/black-dashboard-angular/#/documentation/tutorial?ref=bda-readme
- License Agreement: https://www.creative-tim.com/license?ref=bda-readme
- Support: https://www.creative-tim.com/contact-us?ref=bda-readme
- Issues: [Github Issues Page](https://github.com/creativetimofficial/black-dashboard-angular/issues?ref=bda-readme)

## Licensing

- Copyright 2019 Creative Tim (https://www.creative-tim.com?ref=bda-readme)
- Licensed under MIT (https://github.com/creativetimofficial/black-dashboard-angular/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

modified readme and added base config file

README.md, after:

# [Black Dashboard Angular]

Angular app built to display various Sisense embed options. 

Make sure any new branches or clones include License. 

## TODO
# Essentials
1. Create config file so it's not locked to my instance. 
2. Make all dashboards and widgets variables that come from config. 
3. Utilize API's to fetch dashboards and widgets so that anything can be easily utilized. 

# Features
1. Add date slider
2. When changing color of angular css have it modify theme of sisense visualizations. 
3. Add additional buttons.

# Design
1. Make everything look better...

## Table of Contents
* [Browser Support](#browser-support)
* [Resources](#resources)
* [Licensing](#licensing)

## Terminal Commands

1. Install NodeJs from [NodeJs Official Page](https://nodejs.org/en).
2. Open Terminal
3. Go to your file project
4. Run in terminal: ```npm install -g @angular/cli```
5. Then: ```npm install```
6. And: ```ng serve```
7. Navigate to: [http://localhost:4200/](http://localhost:4200/)

## Browser Support

At present, we officially aim to support the last two versions of the following browsers:

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/chrome.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/firefox.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/edge.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/safari.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/opera.png" width="64" height="64">

## Resources
- Demo: https://demos.creative-tim.com/black-dashboard-angular/#/dashboard?ref=bda-readme
- Download Page: https://www.creative-tim.com/product/black-dashboard-angular?ref=bda-readme
- Documentation: https://demos.creative-tim.com/black-dashboard-angular/#/documentation/tutorial?ref=bda-readme
- License Agreement: https://www.creative-tim.com/license?ref=bda-readme
- Support: https://www.creative-tim.com/contact-us?ref=bda-readme
- Issues: [Github Issues Page](https://github.com/creativetimofficial/black-dashboard-angular/issues?ref=bda-readme)

## Licensing

- Copyright 2019 Creative Tim (https://www.creative-tim.com?ref=bda-readme)
- Licensed under MIT (https://github.com/creativetimofficial/black-dashboard-angular/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
